I saw a documentary about Ryo Takeuchi, and he talked about Huawei's work in Africa, and a dad said, "I can occasionally have a signal here, and I can talk to my son."
When they got there on the third day.
When he sets up this station, he can make a video call with his son.
All of a sudden, Universal Access was all available, no longer a dream, and there was no such EPBM.
How do you get through the Himalayas, Nepal can't help but how they can enter the New World?
Now it seems that France is going to use such a large shield machine to build its subway.
Without a space station, how can countries that don't have the capacity allow their people to explore space with payloads?
Without Chang'e, how would the world know that the back of the moon is not all black?
Ah, that's a joke, isn't it? Because the Americans say that the moon is dark behind it, why go there? So.
The development of science and technology is what I think the first thing we want to ask is how to make everyone everyone enter this world, which are the three crimes of the mainland now, one is called China price.
One is called China standard, and the other is called the Belt and Road. These are the three cardinal sins in the Western script. The first big sin is China price, because the Chinese factory destroys the profit space of Westerners, this toy you have probably all seen.
The headphones of the breastfeeder, the headphones of these headphones, there are 1,000 boards, 500 boards, 250 boards, 50 boards, and this earphone is 50 yuan.
Five zero fifty dollars, because I tried a lot of them, and then I wanted to know what the price difference was between them.
Some are brands, some are a little different. If you're going to listen to a musical symphony, it really makes a difference.
But look at this machine, such a small thing.
It has a charger inside, and it has wireless Bluetooth in the middle.
How much do you think you're going to pay for this ancient island headset in the U.S.? there's no way。 You can make something like this in the United States.
And it's not just a matter of exporting or importing such things, but he really gives you a new way of life and convenience.
If you are a consumer in a third world country and you don't have much money on your hands, but you also have a dream to enter a better life, you like this 50 yuan Furushima headphones.
Or are you going to buy that thousand-dollar isolated island headphones?
Dear friends, the Chinese price from another perspective makes the average person affordable.
He can go and have the dream world he wants. And then there is the China standard, because Westerners are beginning to say that there is a surplus now. We must stop the rapid export of the mainland to the outside world.
The concern is whether the structure of the future will no longer be dominated by the United States and the West.
Will he really become a different kind of standard? When Chinese things become the world's standard, and he becomes the world's standard, it is not just because he wants to become the world's standard, but one after another consumers use the money in his pocket to buy that product, making him the standard.
The process?
That is, the process of real Industry 4.0, then the third crime is, of course, the Belt and Road Initiative, which is a debt trap, and then says that they can't do it at all.
To bear such a thing. Okay, let's go back and look at the Yawang high-speed railway, and its project cost is 7.3 billion in the end.
The final estimate of the economic output value is 23.1 billion, not counting the results of his subsequent economic development. I was in Indonesia one year and it took a very long time to get from Bandung to Jakarta.
After about ten hours, because he was congested all the way, and the Jakarta-Bandung high-speed railway changed the status quo, so that the country can have new dreams, when you see the ultimate house, you see the China-Laos railway.
You see those places where it used to be land breezes, they didn't have a chance.
Can you enter a connected market, and because of it, whether it is the construction capacity of China State Construction or the financing capacity given to them by Chinese banks? They can dream of that future.
